updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#17091)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/tracing/configuring-tracing.md

  
 You can configure a custom trace listener to send traces on the wire, for example, to a remote database. As an application deployer, you should enforce proper access control on the trace logs in the remote machine.  
  

>  You can also configure a trace listener programmatically. For more information, see [How to: Create and Initialize Trace Listeners](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/debug-trace-profile/how-to-create-and-initialize-trace-listeners) and [Creating a Custom TraceListener](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/msdn-magazine/2006/april/clr-inside-out-extending-system-diagnostics).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can also configure a trace listener programmatically. For more information, see [How to: Create and Initialize Trace Listeners](../../../debug-trace-profile/how-to-create-and-initialize-trace-listeners.md) and [Creating a Custom TraceListener](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/msdn-magazine/2006/april/clr-inside-out-extending-system-diagnostics).  
```

- [Tracing](../../../../../docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/tracing/index.md)
- [Administration and Diagnostics](../../../../../docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/index.md)

> - [How to: Create and Initialize Trace Listeners](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/debug-trace-profile/how-to-create-and-initialize-trace-listeners)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to: Create and Initialize Trace Listeners](../../../debug-trace-profile/how-to-create-and-initialize-trace-listeners.md)
```

> - [Creating a Custom TraceListener](https://msdn.microsoft.com/msdnmag/issues/06/04/CLRInsideOut/default.aspx#S2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Creating a Custom TraceListener](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/msdn-magazine/2006/april/clr-inside-out-extending-system-diagnostics)
```
